User stories:
. User launches game and see a black frame with a white rectangle hero at the bottom of the frame.
. User presses up, down, left, and right key and makes the hero moves. 
. User presses the space bar and see small dots coming out of the white rectangle. 
. User presses 1 and see a black frame with a label on the top that says "Level 1".
. User presses 2 and see a black frame with a label on the top that says "Level 2".
. User presses 3 and see a black frame with a label on the top that says "Level 3".
. After a few minutes, an item randomly appears on the screen.



. User launches game and sees a black frame with four buttons named "Skip level", "Start Game", "See scores", "Quit Game" centered.
. User clicks on Quit Game and the frame closes.
. User clicks on See Scores and see a new grey empty frame. 
. User clicks on "Start Game" and see an empty black frame with a label that says "First Level".
. User click on "Start Game" and see the first level environment with fixed ladders and platforms.
. Design the second level environment with fixed ladders and platforms.
. Design the third level environment with fixed ladders and platforms.
. User clicks on "Skip Level" button and a prompt pops up and ask a number from 1 to 3.
. User input a number from 1 to 3 and the frame is changed to level 1 environment for number 1; level 2 environment for number 2; level 3 environment for number 3.

. Game starts with bad guys moving toward the hero.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hero details: 
If the hero is on a platform, the user can move horizontally. 
If the hero is on a ladder, the user can move vertically.
If the hero walks over part of the surface of the burger, the burger indents. 
If the hero walks over the entire surface of the burger, the burger falls one lower platform. 
If the bad guys touch the hero, all characters will re-spawn. The hero loses one life. The burger components stay in the same place.

Winning and Losing and level conditions:
If the hero runs out of life, the game ends. 
If the hero moves all burger pieces to the bottom, the next level begins. 
If the hero completes the third level, the user wins the game.


Overall game set: 
Random lives spawn in the center.
Hero can collect up to five lives. 
Extra pepper spawns on map if hero gets 500 points.
Bad guys re-spawn on all the corners randomly.
Hero gets points 100 points for killing bad guy and 50 points per burger component collected. 

Initial game condition:
Hero starts with three lives. 
Hero starts with scores 0.
Hero starts with three peppers.

Environment details:
Message prompt for user name
Frame with level one drawn initially.
Scores, level number, lives, peppers will all be shown in the south part of the frame. 

Graphics: 
Hero
Bad guys
Ladder
platform


